docs: create reference cheatsheet (#7785)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server: docs/reference/api-cheatsheet.md

> # Open Food Facts Reference CheatSheet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Open Food Facts API - CheatSheet
```

> This reference cheatsheet shows you how to send requests to the OFF API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reference cheatsheet gives you a quick reminder to send requests to the OFF API.

If you are new to API usage you might look at the [tutorial](../tutorials/using-the-OFF-API-tutorial.md).
Also reports to the [API reference documentation](../reference/api.md) for complete information.

```
